Update console audit log feature documentation (#12039)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/tidb-cloud-console-auditing.md

---
title: Console Audit Logging
summary: Learn about the audit logging feature for the TiDB Cloud console.
---

# Console Audit Logging

> TiDB Cloud provides the console audit logging feature to help you track various behaviors and operations of users on the [TiDB Cloud console](https://tidbcloud.com). For example, you can track operations, such as inviting a user to join the organization and creating a cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TiDB Cloud provides the console audit logging feature to help you track various behaviors and operations of users on the [TiDB Cloud console](https://tidbcloud.com). For example, you can track operations, such as inviting a user to join your organization and creating a cluster.
```

## Prerequisites

> - You must be the owner or Audit Admin of your organization in TiDB Cloud. Otherwise, you cannot see the console audit logging-related options in the TiDB Cloud console. For more information, see [Manage role access](/tidb-cloud/manage-user-access.md#manage-role-access).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You must be in the Owner or Audit Admin role of your organization in TiDB Cloud. Otherwise, you cannot see the console audit logging-related options in the TiDB Cloud console. For more information, see [Manage role access](/tidb-cloud/manage-user-access.md#manage-role-access).
```

---
title: Console Audit Logging
summary: Learn about the audit logging feature for the TiDB Cloud console.
---

# Console Audit Logging

TiDB Cloud provides the console audit logging feature to help you track various behaviors and operations of users on the [TiDB Cloud console](https://tidbcloud.com). For example, you can track operations, such as inviting a user to join your organization and creating a cluster.

## Prerequisites

> - You must be in the Owner or Audit Admin role of your organization in TiDB Cloud. Otherwise, you cannot see the console audit logging-related options in the TiDB Cloud console. For more information, see [Manage role access](/tidb-cloud/manage-user-access.md#manage-role-access).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You must be in the Owner or Audit Admin role of your organization in TiDB Cloud. Otherwise, you cannot see the console audit logging-related options in the TiDB Cloud console. The Audit Admin role is only visible upon request, so it is recommended that you use the Owner role directly. If you need to use the Audit Admin role, click **Help** in the lower-right corner of the [TiDB Cloud console](https://tidbcloud.com), fill in "Apply for the Audit Admin role" in the **Description** field, and then click **Send**. For more information about roles in TiDB Cloud, see [Manage role access](/tidb-cloud/manage-user-access.md#manage-role-access).
```

- You can only enable and disable the console audit logging for your organization. You can only track the actions of users in your organization.
- After the console audit logging is enabled, all event types of the TiDB Cloud console will be audited, and you cannot specify only auditing some of them.

## Enable console audit logging

The console audit logging feature is disabled by default. To enable it, take the following steps:

1. In the upper-right corner of the [TiDB Cloud console](https://tidbcloud.com/), click <MDSvgIcon name="icon-top-organization" /> **Organization** > **Console Audit Logging**.

> 2. Click **Enable Console Audit Logging**. Or click **Setting** in the upper-right corner to enable console audit logging.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. If it is the first time your organization enables console audit logging, click **Enable Console Audit Logging**. Otherwise, click **Setting** in the upper-right corner to enable console audit logging.
```

You can only view the console audit logs of your organization. 

1. In the upper-right corner of the [TiDB Cloud console](https://tidbcloud.com/), click <MDSvgIcon name="icon-top-organization" /> **Organization** > **Console Audit Logging**.
2. To get a specific part of audit logs, you can filter the event type, operation status, and time range. 
3. (Optional) To filter more fields, click **Advanced filter**, add more filters, and then click **Apply**. 
4. Click the row of a log to view its detailed information in the right pane.

## Export console audit logs

To export the console audit logs of your organization, take the following step:

1. In the upper-right corner of the [TiDB Cloud console](https://tidbcloud.com/), click <MDSvgIcon name="icon-top-organization" /> **Organization** > **Console Audit Logging**.
3. If you need to export a specific part of console audit logs, you can filter through various conditions. Otherwise, skip this step.
4. Click **Export** and select the desired export format in JSON or CSV. 

## Console audit log storage policy

The storage time of console audit logs is 90 days, after which the logs will be automatically cleaned up.

> **Note:**
>

> > - you cannot specify the storage location of console audit logs in TiDB Cloud.
> > - You cannot delete audit logging

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> - You cannot specify the storage location of console audit logs in TiDB Cloud.
> - You cannot manually delete audit logs.
```

## Console audit event types

> The console audit logs can record various user activities on the TiDB Cloud console through the following event types:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The console audit logs record various user activities on the TiDB Cloud console through event types.
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

> **Note:**
>
> Currently, most event types on the TiDB Cloud console can be audited, and you can find them in the following table. For the remaining event types that are not covered yet, TiDB Cloud will continuously work on including them as well. 

```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

> **Note:**
>
> - If it is the first time your organization enables console audit logging, the console audit logs are empty. You can click refresh to get the latest logs.
> - If it has been more than 90 days since console audit logging was disabled, the console audit logs are empty.
```

> 3. If you need to export a specific part of console audit logs, you can filter through various conditions. Otherwise, skip this step.
> 4. Click **Export** and select the desired export format in JSON or CSV. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. (Optional) If you need to export a specific part of console audit logs, you can filter through various conditions. Otherwise, skip this step.
3. Click **Export** and select the desired export format in JSON or CSV. 
```

| UpdateIPAccessList | Update the IP access list of a TiDB cluster |
| SetAutoBackup | Set the automatic backup mechanism of a TiDB cluster |
| DoManualBackup | Perform a manual backup of TiDB cluster |
| DeleteBackupTask | Delete a backup task |
| DeleteBackup | Delete a backup file |
| RestoreFromBackup | Restore to a TiDB cluster based on the backup files |
| RestoreFromTrash | Restore to a TiDB cluster based on the backup files in the trash |
| ImportDataFromAWS | Import data from AWS |
| ImportDataFromGCP | Import data from GCP |
| CreateMigrationJob | Create a migration job |
| SuspendMigrationJob | Suspend a migration job |
| ResumeMigrationJob | Resume a migration job |
| DeleteMigrationJob | Delete a migration job |
| ShowDiagnose | Show diagnosis information |
| DBAuditLogAction | Set the activity of database audit logging |
| AddDBAuditFilter | Add a database audit log filter |
| DeleteDBAuditFilter | Delete a database audit log filter |
| EditProject | Edit the information of a project |
| DeleteProject | Delete a project |
| BindSupportPlan | Bind a support plan |
| CancelSupportPlan | Cancel a support plan |
| UpdateOrganizationName | Update the organization name |

> > **Note:**
> >
> > The main event types have been covered, but a small number of event types have not been covered for the time being and are being improved.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer: It is better to let users know this note before the table to avoid their questions during reading this long table.

## Console audit log fields

To help you track user activities, TiDB Cloud provides the following fields for each console audit log:

| Field name | Data type | Description |
|---|---|---|
| type | string | Event type |
| ends_at | timestamp | Event time |
| operator_type | enum | Operator type: `user` or `api_key` |
| operator_id | uint64 | Operator ID |
| operator_name | string | Operator name |
| operator_ip | string | Operator's IP address |
| operator_login_method | enum | Operator's login method: `google`, `github`, `microsoft`, `email`, or `api_key` |
| org_id | uint64 | Organization ID to which the event belongs |
| org_name | string | Organization name to which the event belongs |
| project_id | uint64 | Project ID to which the event belongs |
| project_name | string | Project name to which the event belongs |
| cluster_id | uint64 | Cluster ID to which the event belongs |
| cluster_name | string | Cluster name to which the event belongs |
| trace_id | string | Trace ID of the request initiated by the operator |
| result | enum | Event result: `success` or `failure` |
| details | json | Detailed description of the event |

> **Note:**
>

> > The trace_id field is temporarily unavailable

Reviewer: How about adding this info to the last column of  `| trace_id | string | Trace ID of the request initiated by the operator |` line directly?

> | trace_id | string | Trace ID of the request initiated by the operator, This field is temporarily unavailable |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| trace_id | string | Trace ID of the request initiated by the operator. This field is temporarily unavailable |
```

> | trace_id | string | Trace ID of the request initiated by the operator. Currently, this field is empty and will be available in future releases. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| trace_id | string | Trace ID of the request initiated by the operator. This field is empty currently and will be available in future releases. |
```

## Enable console audit logging

The console audit logging feature is disabled by default. To enable it, take the following steps:

1. In the upper-right corner of the [TiDB Cloud console](https://tidbcloud.com/), click <MDSvgIcon name="icon-top-organization" /> **Organization** > **Console Audit Logging**.
2. If it is the first time your organization enables console audit logging, click **Enable Console Audit Logging**. Otherwise, click **Setting** in the upper-right corner to enable console audit logging.

## Disable console audit logging

To disable console audit logging, take the following steps:

1. In the upper-right corner of the [TiDB Cloud console](https://tidbcloud.com/), click <MDSvgIcon name="icon-top-organization" /> **Organization** > **Console Audit Logging**.
2. Click **Setting** in the upper-right corner, and then disable console audit logging.

## View console audit logs

You can only view the console audit logs of your organization. 

> **Note:**
>
> - If it is the first time your organization enables console audit logging, the console audit logs are empty. After any audited events are performed, you will see the corresponding logs.

> > - If it has been more than 90 days since console audit logging was disabled, the console audit logs are empty.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> - If it has been more than 90 days since console audit logging was disabled, the console audit logs are empty.

```

| CreateVercelIntegration | Create vercel integration |
| DeleteVercelIntegration | Delete vercel integration |
| CreatePrometheusIntegration | Create Prometheus integration |
| DeletePrometheusIntegration | Delete Prometheus integration |
| CreateCluster | Create a cluster |
| DeleteCluster | Delete a cluster |
| PauseCluster | Pause a cluster |
| ResumeCluster | Resume a cluster |
| ScaleCluster | Scale a cluster |
| DownloadTiDBClusterCA | Download TiDB cluster CA certificate |
| OpenWebSQLConsole | Connect to a TiDB cluster through Web SQL |
| SetRootPassword | Set the root password of a TiDB cluster |
| UpdateIPAccessList | Update the IP access list of a TiDB cluster |
| SetAutoBackup | Set the automatic backup mechanism of a TiDB cluster |
| DoManualBackup | Perform a manual backup of TiDB cluster |
| DeleteBackupTask | Delete a backup task |
| DeleteBackup | Delete a backup file |
| RestoreFromBackup | Restore to a TiDB cluster based on the backup files |
| RestoreFromTrash | Restore to a TiDB cluster based on the backup files in the trash |
| ImportDataFromAWS | Import data from AWS |
| ImportDataFromGCP | Import data from GCP |

> | ImportDataFromLocal | Import data from local |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| ImportDataFromLocal | Import data from local disks |
```

> | ImportDataFromLocal | Import data from local |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| ImportDataFromLocal | Import data from local disks |
```

- After the audit logging is enabled, all event types of the TiDB Cloud console will be audited, and you cannot specify only auditing some of them.

## Enable console audit logging

To enable console audit logging, take the following steps:

1. In the upper-right corner of the [TiDB Cloud console](https://tidbcloud.com/), click <MDSvgIcon name="icon-top-organization" /> **Organization** > **Console Audit Logging**.
3. Click **Enable Console Audit Logging**. Or click **Setting** in the upper-right corner to enable console audit logging.

## Disable console audit logging

To disable console audit logging, take the following steps:

1. In the upper-right corner of the [TiDB Cloud console](https://tidbcloud.com/), click <MDSvgIcon name="icon-top-organization" /> **Organization** > **Console Audit Logging**.
3. Click **Setting** in the upper-right corner, and then disable console audit logging.

## View console audit logs

You can only view the console audit log information of your organization. 

1. In the upper-right corner of the [TiDB Cloud console](https://tidbcloud.com/), click <MDSvgIcon name="icon-top-organization" /> **Organization** > **Console Audit Logging**.

> 2. Filter the event type, operation status, and time range according to your need. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. To get your desired audit logs, you can filter the event type, operation status, and time range according to your need. 
```

| SuspendMigrationJob | Suspend a migration job |
| ResumeMigrationJob | Resume a migration job |
| DeleteMigrationJob | Delete a migration job |
| ShowDiagnose | Show diagnosis information |
| DBAuditLogAction | Set the activity of database audit logging |
| AddDBAuditFilter | Add a database audit log filter |
| DeleteDBAuditFilter | Delete a database audit log filter |
| EditProject | Edit the information of a project |
| DeleteProject | Delete a project |
| BindSupportPlan | Bind a support plan |
| CancelSupportPlan | Cancel a support plan |
| UpdateOrganizationName | Update the organization name |
| CreatePrivateEndpointService | Create private endpoint service |
| DeletePrivateEndpointService | Delete private endpoint service |

## Console audit log fields

To help you track user activities, TiDB Cloud provides the following fields for each console audit log:

| Field name | Data type | Description |
|---|---|---|
| type | string | Event type |
| ends_at | timestamp | Event time |
| operator_type | enum | Operator type: `user` or `api_key` |
| operator_id | uint64 | Operator ID |
| operator_name | string | Operator name |
| operator_ip | string | Operator's IP address |

> | operator_login_method | enum | Operator's login method: `google`, `github`, `email`, or `api_key` |

Reviewer: what about `microsoft`?

- You can only enable and disable the console audit logging for your organization. You can only track the actions of users in your organization.
- After the console audit logging is enabled, all event types of the TiDB Cloud console will be audited, and you cannot specify only auditing some of them.

## Enable console audit logging

The console audit logging feature is disabled by default. To enable it, take the following steps:

1. In the upper-right corner of the [TiDB Cloud console](https://tidbcloud.com/), click <MDSvgIcon name="icon-top-organization" /> **Organization** > **Console Audit Logging**.
2. Click **Enable Console Audit Logging**. Or click **Setting** in the upper-right corner to enable console audit logging.

## Disable console audit logging

To disable console audit logging, take the following steps:

1. In the upper-right corner of the [TiDB Cloud console](https://tidbcloud.com/), click <MDSvgIcon name="icon-top-organization" /> **Organization** > **Console Audit Logging**.
2. Click **Setting** in the upper-right corner, and then disable console audit logging.

## View console audit logs

> You can only view the console audit log information of your organization. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can only view the console audit logs of your organization. 
```

1. In the upper-right corner of the [TiDB Cloud console](https://tidbcloud.com/), click <MDSvgIcon name="icon-top-organization" /> **Organization** > **Console Audit Logging**.
2. To get a specific part of audit logs, you can filter the event type, operation status, and time range. 
3. (Optional) To filter more fields, click **Advanced filter**, add more filters, and then click **Apply**. 

> 4. To view the detailed information of a target log, click the row of the log.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Click the row of a log to view its detailed information in the right pane.
```

| CancelSupportPlan | Cancel a support plan |
| UpdateOrganizationName | Update the organization name |
| CreatePrivateEndpointService | Create private endpoint service |
| DeletePrivateEndpointService | Delete private endpoint service |

## Console audit log fields

To help you track user activities, TiDB Cloud provides the following fields for each console audit log:

| Field name | Data type | Description |
|---|---|---|
| type | string | Event type |
| ends_at | timestamp | Event time |
| operator_type | enum | Operator type: `user` or `api_key` |
| operator_id | uint64 | Operator ID |
| operator_name | string | Operator name |
| operator_ip | string | Operator's IP address |
| operator_login_method | enum | Operator's login method: `google`, `github`, `email`, or `api_key` |
| org_id | uint64 | Organization ID to which the event belongs |
| org_name | string | Organization name to which the event belongs |
| project_id | uint64 | Project ID to which the event belongs |
| project_name | string | Project name to which the event belongs |
| cluster_id | uint64 | Cluster ID to which the event belongs |
| cluster_name | string | Cluster name to which the event belongs |

> | trace_id | string | Trace ID of the request initiated by the operator |

Reviewer 2: Other `x_id` fields are uint64, only trace_id is string. Please confirm this is not a mistake.

# Console Audit Logging

Console audit log is a capability provided by TiDB Cloud. It is used to track various behaviors and operations of users on the console. For example: log in to the TiDB Cloud console, create a cluster, etc.

## Prerequisites

- You are the owner of your organization in TiDB Cloud. Otherwise, you cannot see the audit-related options in the TiDB Cloud console. For more information, see [Manage role access](/tidb-cloud/manage-user-access.md#manage-role-access).
- You can only enable and disable the console audit log for your organization. You can only track the actions of users in your organization.

> - After the audit log is enabled, all event types will be recorded, and you cannot specify auditing filter rules.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- After the audit logging is enabled, all event types of the TiDB Cloud console will be audited, and you cannot specify only auditing some of them.
```

Reviewer: Is this a limitation?

> ## Enable console audit log

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Enable console audit logging
```

> You can enable the console audit log function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable console audit logging, take the following steps:
```

> 1. Click <MDSvgIcon name="icon-top-organization" /> **Organization** in the upper-right corner of the TiDB Cloud console.
> 2. Click **Console Audit Log**. The Console Audit Log management page is displayed by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In the upper-right corner of the [TiDB Cloud console](https://tidbcloud.com/), click <MDSvgIcon name="icon-top-organization" /> **Organization** > **Console Audit Logging**.
```

> 3. Click **Enable console audit log**. Or click **Setting** in the upper-right corner and enable Console audit log in the pop-up window

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Click **Enable Console Audit Logging**. Or click **Setting** in the upper-right corner to enable console audit logging.
```

> ## Disable console audit log

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Disable console audit logging
```

> You can disable the console audit log function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To disable console audit logging, take the following steps:
```

> 1. Click <MDSvgIcon name="icon-top-organization" /> **Organization** in the upper-right corner of the TiDB Cloud console.
> 2. Click **Console Audit Log**. The Console Audit Log management page is displayed by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In the upper-right corner of the [TiDB Cloud console](https://tidbcloud.com/), click <MDSvgIcon name="icon-top-organization" /> **Organization** > **Console Audit Logging**.
```

> 3. Click **Setting** in the upper-right corner and disable Console audit log in the pop-up window

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Click **Setting** in the upper-right corner, and then disable console audit logging.
```

## View console audit logs

You can only view the console audit log information of your organization. 

> 1. Click <MDSvgIcon name="icon-top-organization" /> **Organization** in the upper-right corner of the TiDB Cloud console.
> 2. Click **Console Audit Log**. The Console Audit Log management page is displayed by default. You can view the latest console audit log information of your organization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In the upper-right corner of the [TiDB Cloud console](https://tidbcloud.com/), click <MDSvgIcon name="icon-top-organization" /> **Organization** > **Console Audit Logging**.
```

> 3. Click **Type** tab. You can filter the console audit log information you need to view according to the event type.
> 4. Click **Result** tab. You can filter the console audit log information you need to view according to the event result.
> 5. Click **All time** tab. You can filter the console audit log information you need to view according to the time period when the event occurred.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Filter the event type, operation status, and time range according to your need. 
```

> 6. Click **Advanced filter**  tab. You can filter the console audit log information you need to view according to other fields.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. To filter more fields, click **Conditions**. 
```

## Export console audit logs

> You can export the console audit log information of your organization. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To export the console audit logs of your organization, take the following step:
```

> 1. Click <MDSvgIcon name="icon-top-organization" /> **Organization** in the upper-right corner of the TiDB Cloud console.
> 2. Click **Console Audit Log**. The Console Audit Log management page is displayed by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In the upper-right corner of the [TiDB Cloud console](https://tidbcloud.com/), click <MDSvgIcon name="icon-top-organization" /> **Organization** > **Console Audit Logging**.
```

3. If you need to export a specific part of console audit logs, you can filter through various conditions. Otherwise, skip this step.

> 4. Click **Export** tab. You can choose to download the selected console audit log information in JSON or CSV format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Click **Export** and select the desired export format in JSON or CSV. 
```

## Console audit log storage policy

> The storage time is 90 days, after which the console audit logs will be automatically cleaned up.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The storage time of console audit logs is 90 days, after which the logs will be automatically cleaned up.
```

> **Note:**
>

> > Console audit log temporarily does not support users to set the storage location of logs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Currently, you cannot specify the storage location of console audit logs in TiDB Cloud.
```

> ## Console audit event type description

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Console audit event types
```

| ShowCredits | Show organization credits |
| AddPaymentCard | Add a payment card |
| UpdatePaymentCard | Update a payment card |
| DeletePaymentCard | Delete a payment card |
| SetDefaultPaymentCard | Set default payment card |
| EditBillingProfile | Edit billing profile information |
| ContractAction | Organizing contract-related activities |
| EnableConsoleAuditLog | Enable console audit log |
| ShowConsoleAuditLog | Show console audit log |
| InviteUserToProject | Invite a user to join the project |
| DeleteInvitationToProject | Delete a user's invitation to join the project |
| ResendInvitationToProject | Resend the invitation to join the project for a user |
| ConfirmJoinProject | The invited user confirms joining the project |
| DeleteUserFromProject | Delete a joined user from the project |
| CreateProject | Create a project |
| CreateProjectCIDR | Create a new project CIDR |
| CreateAWSVPCPeering | Create an AWS VPC Peering |
| DeleteAWSVPCPeering | Delete an AWS VPC Peering |
| CreateGCPVPCPeering | Create a GCP VPC Peering |
| DeleteGCPVPCPeering | Delete a GCP VPC Peering |
| CreateAWSPrivateEndPoint | Create AWS private endpoint |

> | EditAWSPrivateEndPoint | Edit AWS private endpoint |

Reviewer 3: no EditAWSPrivateEndPoint event type

| DeleteAWSPrivateEndPoint | Delete AWS private endpoint |
| SubscribeAlerts | Subscribe alerts |
| UnsubscribeAlerts | Unsubscribe alerts |
| CreateDatadogIntegration | Create datadog integration |
| DeleteDatadogIntegration | Delete datadog integration |
| CreateVercelIntegration | Create vercel integration |
| DeleteVercelIntegration | Delete vercel integration |

> | CreatePrometheusIntegration | Create prometheus integration |
> | DeletePrometheusIntegration | Delete prometheus integration |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| CreatePrometheusIntegration | Create Prometheus integration |
| DeletePrometheusIntegration | Delete Prometheus integration |
```

| CreateCluster | Create a cluster |
| DeleteCluster | Delete a cluster |
| PauseCluster | Pause a cluster |
| ResumeCluster | Resume a cluster |
| ScaleCluster | Scale a cluster |
| DownloadTiDBClusterCA | Download TiDB cluster CA certificate |
| OpenWebSQLConsole | Connect to TiDB Cluster through Web SQL |
| SetRootPassword | Set the root password of TiDB cluster |
| UpdateIPAccessList | Update the IP access list of TiDB cluster |
| DeleteAccessList | Delete the IP access list of TiDB cluster |

> | SetAutoBackup | Set the automatic backup mechanism of TiDB cluster |
> | DoManualBackup | Do manual backup of TiDB cluster |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| SetAutoBackup | Set the automatic backup mechanism of a TiDB cluster |
| DoManualBackup | Perform a manual backup of TiDB cluster |
```

> | DeleteBackupTask | Delete backup task |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| DeleteBackupTask | Delete a backup task |
```

> | DeleteBackup | delete backup file |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| DeleteBackup | Delete a backup file |
```

> | RestoreFromBackup | Restore to TiDB cluster based on the backup file |
> | RestoreFromTrash | Restore to TiDB cluster based on the backup files in the trash |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| RestoreFromBackup | Restore to a TiDB cluster based on the backup files |
| RestoreFromTrash | Restore to a TiDB cluster based on the backup files in the trash |
```

| ImportDataFromAWS | Import data from AWS |
| ImportDataFromGCP | Import data from GCP |

> | CreateMigrationJob | Create migration job |
> | SuspendMigrationJob | Suspend migration job |
> | ResumeMigrationJob | Resume migration job |
> | DeleteMigrationJob | Delete migration job |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| CreateMigrationJob | Create a migration job |
| SuspendMigrationJob | Suspend a migration job |
| ResumeMigrationJob | Resume a migration job |
| DeleteMigrationJob | Delete a migration job |
```

> | ShowDiagnose | Show diagnose information |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| ShowDiagnose | Show diagnosis information |
```

> | DBAuditLogAction | Set the activity of database audit log |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| DBAuditLogAction | Set the activity of database audit logging |
```

> | AddDBAuditFilter | Add database audit log filter |
> | DeleteDBAuditFilter | Delete database audit log filter |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| AddDBAuditFilter | Add a database audit log filter |
| DeleteDBAuditFilter | Delete a database audit log filter |
```

> | EditProject | Edit a project's information |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| EditProject | Edit the information of a project |
```

| DeleteProject | Delete a project |

> | BindSupportPlan | Bind support plan |
> | CancelSupportPlan | Cancel support plan |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| BindSupportPlan | Bind a support plan |
| CancelSupportPlan | Cancel a support plan |
```

> | UpdateOrganizationName | Update organization name |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| UpdateOrganizationName | Update the organization name |
```

> | CreatePrivateEndpointService | Create private endpoint service |

Reviewer 3: move CreatePrivateEndpointService and DeletePrivateEndpointService before CreateAWSPrivateEndPoint

| DeletePrivateEndpointService | Delete private endpoint service |

> ## Console audit log field description

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Console audit log fields
```

> For the console audit log, each event record needs to be clear and complete to ensure that the information is sufficient to track user activities. TiDB Cloud provides the following fields:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To help you track user activities, TiDB Cloud provides the following fields for each console audit log:
```

| Field name | Data type | Description |
|---|---|---|
| type | string | Event type |
| ends_at | timestamp | Event time |

> | operator_type | enum | Operator type: user, api_key |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| operator_type | enum | Operator type: `user` or `api_key` |
```

| operator_id | uint64 | Operator ID |
| operator_name | string | Operator name |
| operator_ip | string | Operator's IP address |

> | operator_login_method | enum | Operator's login method: google, github, email, api_key |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| operator_login_method | enum | Operator's login method: `google`, `github`, `email`, or `api_key` |
```

| org_id | uint64 | Organization ID to which the event belongs |
| org_name | string | Organization name to which the event belongs |
| project_id | uint64 | Project ID to which the event belongs |
| project_name | string | Project name to which the event belongs |
| cluster_id | uint64 | Cluster ID to which the event belongs |
| cluster_name | string | Cluster name to which the event belongs |
| trace_id | string | Trace ID of the request initiated by the operator |

> | result | enum | Event result: success, failure |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| result | enum | Event result: `success` or `failure` |
```

You can only view the console audit logs of your organization. 

> **Note:**
>
> - If it is the first time your organization enables console audit logging, the console audit logs are empty. After any audited events are performed, you will see the corresponding logs.

> > - If it has been more than 90 days since console audit logging was disabled, the console audit logs are empty.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> - If it has been more than 90 days since console audit logging was disabled, you cannot see any logs.
```
